Describe options depend on geometry (#5299)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

**Copy/Paste Symbol**, **Change Color**, **Change Opacity**,
**Change Output Unit**, **Change Width / Size**, **Change Angle**.

>   Provided options of right-click menu depend on type of geometry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The options available in the right-click menu depend on the type of geometry:
```

can also be achieved by writing ``Else`` in the *Rule* column of the
:menuselection:`Layer Properties --> Symbology --> Rule-based` dialog.

Right-clicking over selected item(s) shows a contextual menu to:

> * :guilabel:`Copy Symbol` and :guilabel:`Paste Symbol`, a convenient way

Reviewer 2: the "copy/paste" entries to duplicate the rule are missing now

Author: You are right! I will add it back in!

>   to apply a category's representation to others

Reviewer 2: Any reason this one is not item's (or a rule)? better than "category" which more relates to the categorized renderer ie 
```suggestion
  to apply the item's representation to others
```

* :guilabel:`Change Color...` of the selected symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Change Opacity...` of the selected symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Change Output Unit...` of the selected symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Change Width...` of the selected line symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Change Size...` of the selected point symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Change Angle...` of the selected point symbol(s)
* :guilabel:`Refine Current Rule`: open a submenu that allows to
  refine the current rule with **scales**, **categories** (categorized renderer)

>   or **Ranges** (graduated renderer).

Reviewer 2: Not sure whether my comment is of any interest, but wanted to mention that the "refine current rule" is explained few lines above. Is it problematic/necessary to repeat here? Or use a link? No strong opinion. Just wonder...

Author: I am still learning GitHub interface, just wondered how to reply to given comment.

Reviewer: > I am still learning GitHub interface, just wondered how to reply to given comment.

Your way of responding is OK. You can also use "Quote reply" (that is available under the three dots at the top right of the comment (that is what I have done here - your comment/question is then included).

Author: @DelazJ I prefer to include to mention the scales, categories and ranges, because they the submenu options you can select. Actually I think that the scales option needs to explained in more detail. This is the place to write about scale based rendering, why it makes sense to use it show how to use the scales option and show several small maps with for example airports in for 3 or even 4 zoom-levels where the maps changes. Too often users add a layer twice to show for example only international airports on a small scale and include domestic airports at a large scale.

**Copy/Paste Symbol**, **Change Color**, **Change Opacity**,
**Change Output Unit**, **Change Width/Size**, **Change Angle** and **Refine Current Rule**.

>   Provided options of right-click menu depend on type of geometry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The options available in the right-click menu depend on the type of geometry:
```
